Rettelse PR (#62)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/futureWork.tex

\subsection{Future Work}\label{sec:future_work}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\todo{måske beskriv andre måder at lave LDA-IR på}
```

The method, we have presented, can be expanded in different ways. 
An interesting approach, could be to investigate other versions of \gls{lda}, such as the Dynamic Topic Model\cite{blei2006dynamic}, which is good at finding specific topics over time, which might improve the retrieval of old and important articles within a large dataset.

> There is also the approach of \cite{blei2007correlated}, where the correlation of topics is taken into account, which might yield improved information retrieval performance.

Author: ```suggestion
There is also the approach of \citeauthor{blei2007correlated}\cite{blei2007correlated}, where the similarity between topics are taken into account.
This could make it easier to find appropriate hyperparameter settings as it makes it possible to evaluate how distinct topics in a topic model are.
```

> Another approach to our method is to replace standard \gls{pr} with a more sophisticated one, like the Topical PageRank\cite{yang2009topic}. 

Author: ```suggestion
Another approach to our method is to replace standard \gls{pr} with one taking topic directly into account, like the Topical PageRank\cite{yang2009topic}. 
```
also mention the other lda+pr paper.
